ABBY LEE MILLER (VOICEOVER):
Previously on "Dance Moms."
Nice job, Chloe.
Replace us, that's fine.
Chloe made a mistake.
She dropped her hat.
Chloe is suspended. So is her mother.
Such terrible language.
Don't talk to another woman like that.
Thank you. Thank you.
I wouldn't [inaudible]
I think she's immature
and I think
she needs to grow up a little bit.
If you didn't walk in her shoes
when she couldn't walk.
I'm this far from pulling the duet.
You are a monstrosity of evil.
You're done. You're done. No duet.
Shut your mouth. Shut your mouth.
Get out. Get lost, bitch.
ABBY LEE MILLER (VOICEOVER):
Coming up on "Dance Moms."
They don't self-motivate themselves.
They don't get out there and work on it.
When do you want them to work on it?
All I wanted was a phone call from you.
I wanted to ask you if Paige and I can
do the duet this weekend?
Let me think about it. I'm not saying no.
Lock the back knee in the lunge.
Oh, somebody's foot was flexed.
Don't give her the power to upset you.
My daughter has a name.
- So do you.
- Yeah.
Starts with a B.
I sat in a parking lot for you
and you weren't here.
- I was sticking up for you.
- You should have called me.
[MUSIC - NIKKO LOWE, "LIVING ON
THE DANCE FLOOR"]
(SINGING) Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls,
living on the dance floor.
[music continues]
All right.
Let's rock and roll.
Hello.
It's apparent that Christi
and Chloe are not here.
They were suspended last week.
We need Christi and Chloe
as part of the team.
They are part of the team.
Without them, the team's not complete.
So Kelly, have you talked to Christi?
No. She won't call me.
I hope she comes back.
Have you talked to Christi?
You know, I talked her
for a few moments yesterday.
Just for a little bit, not very long.
Did she mention my name at all?
She did not.
It's going to be really awkward this week
because, you know,
I tried calling Christi.
I tried texting her.
She didn't answer me back.
So, I don't even know what to say to her.
OK, you're sure
you want to go back in there?
I want to walk into that studio
like I want a stiletto jammed
in my eyeball.
But we're back
because Chloe wants to dance,
and I don't do this for myself.
I do it for my daughter.
Hello.
Hi.
May I speak with you in private?
[screams]
Chloe.
Wow, look who's here.
What a welcome.
Well, Abby, since you're
not going to speak to me,
I'm going to speak at you.
Chloe is here
because she's a member of the team.
I am sorry for my behavior in the hallway
and at the competition.
And I have talked to the competition.
I've apologized.
I've spoken to the director.
And you should, in no way, shape, or form,
hold that against Chloe.
[laughs]
Or at least I would think
you should know that.
I would think your mother
would have taught you better.
OK, I'm going to go in
because this is my job
and I am to be here.
Hey. Hello.
- Hi.
- How's it going?
- I heard you were talking to Abby.
- No, I was talking at Abby.
- She won't speak to me.
- Oh. Sometimes it's better that way.
That woman thinks that I'm going
to give her the time of day.
How dare her even walk into this studio.
She has [bleep] big [bleep] like a man,
because that's what she is.
She is disgusting.
Where have you been?
What have you been up to?
I don't know. We'll talk upstairs.
No need for applause. Let's go.
[laughs]
When I come back in the studio,
everyone's really excited
to see me, except Kelly,
and you would think that Kelly
should've been the one
who is most excited to see me.
All right.
You know, they told me that
Detroit was a tough city.
Well, it was.
You weren't the big winners.
You got beat.
Your champion winner will be
"Top of the World" entry number
89.
Third place.
Cathy is a fake and a phony.
She calls herself a choreographer?
She's an embarrassment to my vocation.
I think the loss to Cathy's
all-boy team was tough on Abby.
To be honest with you,
I think she did not like
losing to a group of all boys.
And then we had a duet,
but I can't really talk about it
because it didn't happen.
I pulled the duet.
If your mother is out of control,
you don't dance.
And Abby, that is fine.
I do want it noted on your record
that I was defending my daughter
because you were being insensitive
about her health issues.
That's what my disagreement with you was.
So let's just say I'm not
putting up with it anymore.
We've had a member of the team suspended.
You all know what suspended is.
It's like the last
chance before dismissal.
Let's move on to the pyramid.
Chloe, obviously,
you were not on the pyramid.
On the bottom, Nia.
You should have expected to be there.
Paige kind of got thrown
under the bus with the duet.
Next we have Kendall.
Now Kendall, you were given a solo.
You didn't even make the top 10.
Alexandra, "Below Zero."
Do I just keep giving you a solo?
No.
Next, Mackenzie.
I told you I wasn't going
to put you in the groups anymore
because you are the weak link.
This time I thought you were excellent.
And moving next, Brooke.
It was the first time you
were officially on the team.
I thought the parts
that you did in the routine
that were your solo spots were excellent.
But I need you still to be more
of a role model, understood?
And at the top of the pyramid, Maddie.
You have not had a solo for weeks.
Your highest scoring solo tonight
will be Maddie with "Quick Sand."
It's tough getting there.
It's even tougher staying there,
and you know that.
We will be attending In10sity Dance
in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
[inaudible]
Everybody will be in the group dance.
Now, the group routine
is a contemporary piece.
The name of the routine
is "Money is the Root of All Evil."
I really don't know
about the group routine this week,
"Money is the Root of All Evil."
I don't really equate money with evil.
Abby, yes.
Money, no.
Moms, the costumes are emerald green,
like the color of money or envy.
And they're going to need some work.
We need headpieces.
We need trim.
And you'll be using
actual real money on the costume.
I don't know about this idea
of putting real money
on these costumes.
We spend enough money
on costumes as it is.
This is going to be an expensive week.
Maddie, obviously, a solo is going to you.
And the other solo is going to Brooke.
[applause]
This is Brooke's first solo
for this competition season,
and Brooke needs the show Abby
that she wants to be part of this team.
I think she needs to go out there
and show her
that she still loves to dance
and she wants to be here.
We have a lot of work to do.
Moms, go ahead and go upstairs.
Spread apart. We're doing a whole warm-up.
Now ladies, think about this.
It's bluesy
so think of being in a speakeasy
or a nightclub.
"Money is the Root of All Evil"
is the name of our routine this week.
Now, the routine is contemporary,
but it has a little bit
of flamboyancy to it
and we're going to use real money
all over the costumes.
The faces have to come through,
and we need to bring it all
or we'll be counting the chump change
on the way home.
Make it bigger.
5, 6, 7, go.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
Don't steal Maddie's pose.
Of course our kids do not
go to speakeasies or bars.
I don't know what a speakeasy is.
OK, a speakeasy, also called
a blind pig or blind tiger,
is an establishment that illegally
sells alcoholic beverages.
Such establishments came into
prominence in the United States
during the period known as Prohibition.
I don't go to any that are illegal.
1920 to 1933.
[laughter]
Oh, [inaudible] illegal.
At one point, Kelly,
alcohol was prohibited.
So that's why our kids have
never been to a speakeasy.
Besides the fact that they are under age
and they wouldn't go into a bar.
Yeah, but there's no
such thing as a speakeasy.
- 90 years ago.
- Yeah, it doesn't exist.
I have to say, you know,
I wasn't here last week
and all of a sudden like I haven't
felt more like an
outsider in my life here.
It was a pretty quiet week relatively,
I would say, up until Saturday.
And Saturday it was like
I was in a Twilight Zone.
It was bizarre.
Just shut your mouth.
I didn't mean to do that.
I didn't mean to do that, either.
Get out.
You are a monstrosity of evil.
You're done. No duet.
It was bad.
I thought Saturday was just
a horrendous day all around.
So why weren't you answering
any of my phone calls
or my texts all week?
You called me once and I missed it.
And I texted you a few times.
- No you didn't.
- Yeah, I did.
- Did I answer?
- No.
Then I must not have gotten it
because I answer your texts.
CHRISTI: So why didn't you call me?
I was having a bad week
and I just was waiting for you to call,
and if I missed one call then
I'm sorry.
ABBY LEE MILLER: 5, 6, 7, go.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, in.
Too late, Mackenzie.
I want you to be looking
to the side, the floor,
the opposite direction.
Go ahead, chit chat away.
So what just went on right there?
I asked her why she didn't
answer my phone calls.
What did she say?
She said she only got one
and I didn't leave a message.
I never leave her a message.
When you see that you missed the call,
you can really just call back.
The "I'm-having-a-bad-week" thing
isn't cutting it.
CHRISTI: You know,
I'm going to sit up here
because I'm not playing games.
I'm not.
KELLY: I'm just saying
how I don't understand
why you were mad at me.
I was mad at you about what happened
and I was waiting for you to call me
because of all this that was going on.
I was just waiting
for you to reach out to me.
And I did.
I'm not going to play with you about it.
My feelings were hurt
because you know how about this sucks.
All I wanted was a phone call from you.
That's all, Kelly.
When you were going through [bleep],,
- I called you every day.
- I did call you.
- On Friday.
- No, I didn't.
I called you Sunday at the competition,
the day you left.
Yeah, you called me
you said, oh, are you OK?
I miss my partner in crime.
That's all I wanted from you, Kelly.
That's all.
[music playing]
Let's go.
I'll tell you what, when I left,
there was tension between you,
Melissa, and Abby and Maddie.
And it's like I came back
and I feel like I'm back
and everything is back to normal.
Like Maddie's featured in the dance.
She's happy. Abby's pleased with her.
You seem like you're back
on good terms with Abby.
- Like what happened there?
- I don't know.
I mean, I, you know, argue
and then things get better.
I just think it's because
she knows this is her team
and, you know, we all need
each other and she needs us.
Do you think it's
maybe because Sophia decided
she didn't want to be part of our team
and she realized
that Maddie is what she got?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, Sophia's not here anymore
and she knows that this is her team.
It might be back to normal
for Melissa and Maddie,
but it's certainly not back
to normal for Kelly and I.
We're barely talking.
I mean, we're not really
even making eye contact.
ABBY LEE MILLER:
Oh, your knee's bent, Paige,
because you should be
on the outside of Nia.
Let's move Kendall back in
and pull her up a little taller.
You, girl in the front,
move over to the right.
You shouldn't be center.
Move.
Abby won't refer to Chloe by her name.
She keeps calling her
"that girl" or "her" or "she."
I mean, like how belittling
can you get to not even say
someone's name?
I want to teach Chloe
you can't take anything for granted,
because even if you're gone,
the show must go on.
So Chloe, if you want me
to remember your name,
then you need to prove it to me.
Make me remember.
All right, we're going to break right now.
You have one more day to work
on this dance and that's it,
one more day.
Thank you.
Kel, come on. Come with me to go
get the supplies.
- Will you come help me?
- KELLY: Yeah.
I'm really concerned about what's going on
with Kelly and Christi.
It's crazy.
So I'm going to ask her
to come down to the costume shop.
This is my opportunity to find out
what's going on between Kelly and Christi
and maybe I can help out.
So what's going on with you and Christi?
Nothing.
She still isn't talking to me.
Melissa, I didn't do anything wrong,
and I tried calling her.
I told her that today.
I tried. I'm not doing it again.
And I don't want to get in
the middle of it, you know.
Don't.
I don't expect you to guy
to get in the middle,
but I tried calling her.
She sent me to voicemail.
She did not return my phone call.
- I'm done.
- It is what it is.
She just has to get over it.
And you didn't do anything wrong.
I mean, we all have done,
said things to each other
to hurt each other's feelings.
KELLY: Exactly.
Let's get on with life. Okay, come on.
Let's go.
[crying]
What did she say?
And she's being really mean to her.
During rehearsal, Miss Abby
really isn't acknowledging me
and saying my name,
and that really hurts my feelings
because I'm still a person.
Oh, Chloe.
Abby's refusing to say
Chloe's name because she feels
that if she doesn't say Chloe's name,
she takes away her importance.
Don't give her that satisfaction, Chloe.
Don't give her the power to upset you.
Are you OK?
Yeah.
You sure?
You're my daughter.
Come on, you got a
little bit of me in you.
Buck up.
Hurry up.
Can't forget what to do there.
You can screw yourself up.
My solo this week is called "Careless,"
and it's a lyrical number.
Abby gave this to me
because she knows I could care less
about dance, so that is
why I'm doing this solo.
Don't d velopp .
Just hold it and pull your head through.
Now come down.
Watch your alignment coming down.
You're not straightening that right knee.
Pull your feet. Pull your feet.
Your feet, your feet, your feet.
Abby doesn't teach her her dance early.
She doesn't give her a lot
of time during rehearsal.
She gives her a song called "Careless"
that makes Brooke feel like
I guess I should care less.
It just feels like she's setting her up.
I just want you to work hard and care
about whatever it is you want to do.
Don't just be the average kid
that falls through the cracks.
Don't do anything half bleep.
- Okay.
- All right, you're finished.
Thank you.
Go ahead and rest.
Old ladies need lots of rest.
Am I trying to jab her a little bit?
Absolutely.
Brooke, do you care
or could you care less?
We'll see.
I'm pretty sad that we didn't
get to do the duet last weekend
because we did all that work,
so I definitely
want to do the duet.
I'm going to go in
and ask Abby if we can do the duet,
because there's only three numbers
and there's usually four.
Nia wants to go ask Miss Abby
if we can do our duet this week,
and I'm very terrified for her
because Abby can be
a little scary at times.
Who's that big girl,
doing it all on her own?
Last week, Abby pulled Nia's duet
right before it was about to go on
and Nia was devastated.
You are a monstrosity of evil.
You want to talk about ugliness?
You're done. You're done.
No duet.
- Whatever.
I'm a monstrosity of evil?
Abby giveth. Abby taketh away.
Nia is determined this week
to get that duet back,
and she's going to be herself
and asked for it.
I wanted to ask you if Paige and I
can do the duet this weekend.
Uh--
Nia is asking me herself.
Her mother isn't speaking for her.
She's acting mature
and taking matters into her own hands.
Nia, that's exactly what I want to see.
You've got my attention.
Let me think about it.
I'm not saying no.
You understand that?
- Okay.
- Let's go.
It's not a yes. It's not a no.
This is so stressful.
It's not even me and I feel stressed.
Thanks for meeting me.
Yeah, and I tried to text you
as much as I can.
No, I know.
And you know what, Melissa?
We don't get along
or see eye to eye on everything.
You were the first one to call me.
MELISSA: I was worried about you.
Tonight I'm having drinks
with Christi, which is very odd,
but I have to do what I have to do.
Kelly's angry with me
and I don't know why.
She's stubborn.
Yeah.
I was like her biggest cheerleader,
and I'm having a bad time.
Why have I not gotten any texts?
It's like you broke up.
Melissa, I have been
a part of this team forever.
And like this week,
I feel like an outsider.
I feel bad for the whole situation.
You know, Melissa, we aren't
always the best of friends.
[laughs]
No.
But thank you for meeting me.
- Thank you.
- Of course.
- You know, I worry about you.
- I appreciate it.
I think deep down,
Melissa's being a better friend to me
at this point than Kelly is.
So you know the name of the routine
is "You Don't Know Me."
Do the judges know who you are?
So maybe they've heard of you,
maybe they know your reputation.
They think they know who you are.
Oh, Maddie, we know her.
Oh, yeah, Maddie, I've heard of her.
No, we're trying to tell them
who the real Maddie is.
Maddie's solo this week is called
"You Don't Know Me."
It's a little bit edgier for Maddie.
Nice.
Like you think you know "who Maddie is."
Push.
She's very angelic.
She does these lyrical routines
that are so pretty.
Maddie is going to prove to everybody
that they don't know
who she is.
She's more than you think.
Hey, come on, Paige, Nia.
Now remember, girls, this is the duet.
You asked me to do it. I pulled it.
You've had two weeks to do this number,
so it should look twice as good
as Maddie's solo,
twice as good as Brooke's solo.
They've been doing their dances for a day.
You've had an entire week.
Let's go.
Yesterday, Nia and Paige came
to me and asked if they could do
last week's cancelled duet
in this week's competition.
I want to see the performance
before I make my final decision.
Does the routine look good?
I don't know,
but I'm giving them the opportunity.
So come on, girls, impress me.
Every time you do that kick,
get your leg higher.
You're not thinking.
That's what I'm saying, you guys want
to do this-- oh, we want to do the duet.
It's fun. We want to do it.
You cannot go out there
and look any less of a dancer than Maddie.
Oh, you want both of us?
She said both of us.
- She wants both of us down there.
- Oh, crap.
I think there should be closure to
last week's experience at the competition
and the girls should do the duet.
I think that would be a nice way
to resolve the situation.
Kind of do some Abby psychology,
thinking about how you're going
to approach this situation.
The girls have asked me about
during the duet this weekend.
So we're doing the duet?
Yes. You have to do it.
You're going to go out there
and you're going to do it.
But I explained to Nia
that I pulled the duet
because I could not have
that behavior go on.
Like you said a pyramid,
other things have happened in the past.
We can't go backwards,
and I'm not going to,
but I am going to go forward.
And going forward,
that behavior will not be tolerated.
The girls came.
They asked me.
Paige was part of it, too.
They wanted to do it.
So you know what you're
getting yourselves into.
You have to do it.
I don't care what the results are
for this competition, of this duet.
At this point, Nia has already won.
The duet is going on stage.
She's going to get to perform it.
And I see maturity in Nia.
They asked me to do it, sink or swim.
Hey, we're going to Florida.
There's sharks.
What's going on with you and Kel?
Have you had a chance
to sit down and work it out?
No, but I keep going back
to when Kelly wasn't here,
who was the biggest advocate
for her to come back?
I know.
I had a bad week.
I needed someone to call me
and she didn't call me.
I know, it's like a double
whammy that Kelly's mad at you.
Because let's face,
that would be her sitting here
consoling you.
My feelings are hurt
because when it was Kelly in my situation,
I was her biggest cheerleader.
So where do you go from here?
I mean, do you continue to not speak?
I don't know.
Last week was an extremely
hard week for me and Chloe.
And Melissa called me.
Holly called me.
Jill called me.
Kelly never called me.
I don't know. I am a mess.
I wasn't myself.
I left. I came back.
I felt more like myself.
But like I'm the snarky
bitch of the group.
I'm not the crier.
I'm not the emotional one,
and I feel so out of sorts.
I really feel like an outsider this week.
I think because the team
went to a competition,
they had all these experiences,
they had some crazy fight
with Cathy--
you know, life went on
without Christi and Chloe,
and I don't think anybody
really even missed us.
Girls, listen up.
If you want fame,
start paying right here, right now--
blood, sweat, sore muscles, callouses.
We went to a competition
and not one of my students
made the top 10?
That's never going to happen
to the Abby Lee Dance Company again.
This is going to be like bootie camp.
You're going to walk in here
and you're going to work,
and you're gonna work, and you're gonna
work even harder the next day.
The group is not where I want it to be.
I know it's been a long day,
but this number is nowhere
near competition-ready.
Lock the back knee in the lunge.
Oh, somebody's foot is flexed.
Whoa. What is she doing there? Get up.
Yo, blondie, you were gone
for a week, not a year.
If Abby doesn't come around
and at least give Chloe
the common respect of calling
her by her given name,
you know, I can't say that
I'm going to sit back
and just let it happen.
Moms, let's go.
Bring those costumes down.
Girls, we are leaving on
a plane tomorrow morning.
This is the third time we're changing it
because you couldn't do it
the first two times.
Blondie, we could all be home by now.
You know what?
My daughter has a name.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Not anymore in my book.
CHRISTI: Oh, yes she does.
She has a name, Abby.
So do you.
Starts with a B.
Come on, girls, let's go.
MELISSA: In10sity is a good
competition for us this week
because there's a lot of
intense feelings between Abby
and Christi, between Kelly and Christi.
So intense is the word this week.
Girls, remember, you are
in Fort Lauderdale.
I mean, these kids down here dance.
Dance is part of the culture,
so you need to really focus.
This is all about the technique.
You got it?
Whether I called one time or 10 times,
she should have called me back.
MELISSA: She never answers my calls, too.
I don't know what the problem is.
No. I don't think I did anything wrong.
I don't, either.
- Christi, you're awfully quiet.
- Where's that fire?
Where's that spunk?
All gone.
You're not a wallflower.
Maybe I turned over a new leaf.
Now, listen to me.
When you get out there,
it's your face that wins.
Everybody here has beautiful technique.
Nobody else has Maddie's face.
Girls, duet.
Paige, you don't need to be goofy.
It's fun. It's hot.
You should look beautiful.
You've got two weeks
to work on this routine.
They haven't really worked
on it for two weeks, Abby.
- They lied.
- I know, that's my point.
They don't self-motivate themselves.
- They don't get out there and work on it.
- When do you want them to work on it?
We had privates
but we weren't able to go to those,
but Maddie went to hers.
You're so jealous of that kid, oh my god.
I'm not jealous of Maddie.
You're jealous
that I'm talking to her,
that I'm telling you the same thing
that I tell her every week.
Because, Abby, we're
going on a couple after her.
You made sure her makeup was perfect,
her costume was perfect.
You haven't looked at these two at all.
Well, you handle her makeup.
She's your job.
KELLY: Well, maybe Melissa
should learn how to do makeup.
This is Melissa's job, too.
Melissa has never walked
into my studio and said,
my children are my job. Never.
I don't need a job.
I know.
Your kids still needs to point her feet.
That's your job, to teach them.
No. Money can't buy talent.
Kelly, you want Paige's duet pulled again,
two weeks in a row?
You want Brooke's solo to just disappear?
How about you ask Holly and Christi
what running their mouths got them?
[I suggest you shut up and sit down.
This is Brooke's first solo act.
We'll see if it's her
last solo on the team.
Girls, go out there and dance today
and don't make me sorry
that I let you do it.
Understand?
There is an elephant in the room,
and for once, it's not Abby.
Kelly and I have this huge feud going on,
and eventually we're going
to have to talk it out.
We can't keep going on like this.
I will talk to you as
soon as she's done dancing.
I want to get her out there
and then I'll talk to you, okay?
Mm-hmm.
[music playing]
ABBY LEE MILLER:
I think the judges already have
a preconceived notion.
Sweet, pretty, little Maddie,
she's going to tell the judges
and every single person
in that audience,
don't judge a book by the cover.
This is Maddie with "You Don't Know Me."
[applause]
[MUSIC - VERENICE BUERLING,
"YOU DON'T KNOW ME"]
(SINGING) Yeah.
You don't know me.
Stop the inquiries.
I keep my business to myself.
Stop the lecturing.
Oh, I'm so done.
You don't know me.
You don't know me, no.
Stop the inquiries.
Come on.
(SINGING) I keep myself.
Don't lecture me.
No, no.
Oh.
You don't know me.
[applause]
Maddie came back strong--
I think, technically, superb.
When she stepped on that stage,
it was all about Maddie.
ANNOUNCER: All right.
Moving back into the team solo division--
KELLY: I think Brooke's very nervous.
She just keeps going off on her own.
Brooke wants to prove to Abby
that she can go out there
and she can do this dance
and she can do it well.
ANNOUNCER: This is entry number 38--
Brooke with "Careless."
[cheering]
[MUSIC - TRACY JOHNSON,
"CARELESS"]
(SINGING) 15 minutes till the sunrise.
I haven't seen the back of my eyes yet.
As I'm watching Brooke on stage,
she's nailing the routine.
There's fluidity throughout.
The old tricks are there
it's like the old Brooke is back.
(SINGING) I couldn't care less.
Careless.
[applause]
BROOKE: I think my solo went pretty well.
I didn't fall out of any tricks
and I didn't forget the choreography.
And I think I showed Abby that I cared.
Our duet is about to go up
and we're really nervous.
I want to show Miss Abby that
she didn't make a mistake
by letting us perform it this week.
We've got to dance.
ANNOUNCER: All right,
the next in the junior duet/trio division,
is entry number 18--
Nia and Paige
with "The Wild Child and the Wallflower."
[MUSIC - BABYGRAND, "LIGHTS GO OUT"]
(SINGING) 1, 2.
Time's up.
Music got me fired up.
Five minutes in the place
and I got them all lined up.
Lights turned off, on.
I can barely see a thing.
Dizzy from the feeling,
but I know in this moment,
I'm exactly where I'm supposed to be.
I love it this way.
Strobe lights.
I'm shining on the dance floor.
Ooh, I know you're
liking it with the beat.
Take two with me.
Don't stop dancing.
Keep me going out.
Work it out till the lights go out.
Don't stop moving.
Keep me going out.
Work it out till the lights go out.
[applause]
Could their legs have been straighter?
Sure.
Could their feet have been pointed?
Absolutely.
Could they just be better overall dancers?
Of course.
But that's not what this piece was about.
It was telling a story.
It's musical theater, and that's
exactly what they went out there and did.
They entertained the audience.
Whoo-hoo.
I thought Maddie was absolutely amazing.
I thought the duet was good.
What did you guys think?
- Yeah.
I thought it was great.
I thought that was her best dance alone.
Good job, Nia. Good job, Paige.
Good job, Brooke.
That was so good.
Good job, sweetheart. Good job.
I am shocked.
I think Abby respected Nia as a dancer.
They showed Abby that they want to dance
and that they can dance.
Nia, you know why I pulled
the duet last week, right?
Okay.
I'm in the dressing room.
All this chaos is happening.
And then your mom snaps.
So before it went too far,
I wanted to nip it in the bud,
and the way for me to do that was to say,
I'm pulling the duet.
Understood?
You know, everything happens for a reason.
Just so you realize that.
- Now give me a hug, all right?
- Thank you.
Okay. Well, I want you to understand.
All right.
Thank you.
So I think this is
Miss Abby's version of an apology.
Oh, no. I'm not apologizing.
I'm glad I pulled it.
- Oh, Abby, come on.
- I am so glad I pulled it.
All right. Get ready. Come on.
Let's worry about this next dance, mom.
Here, go put this on.
Somebody should be apologizing
for sloppy legs.
Oh my gosh.
[music playing]
Good. You need to tell them.
You're in the wings.
I'm going to be sitting
in the audience watching.
The group routine is about to go on stage.
These girls know that money
is the root of all evil.
They know what it takes to win.
They also know what it feels like to lose.
Give me a dollar stuck right
behind this green glitter.
Do you have any money
in your purse, Kelly?
Girls, I'm talking about
how much money you have.
Let's pull it up.
Can't stick credit cards on her.
That dress has already been done.
I'm not so sure this
is a good use of money,
but Abby wants lots of dollar bills
to put on the children's costumes.
Yeah. Let me see. Where's your money?
Come on, give me that purse.
Don't hit me in the back with it,
just show it to me. There you go.
I'm not Cathy.
I work hard for my money.
I don't want to use it as play money.
I don't think that you needed
to put real money on the costumes.
I just think that sends a wrong message.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, Jill's good at that.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Let's go.
Come on, girls.
The group number is about to go on,
and I'm feeling a little bit nervous
because I haven't danced on stage
for two weeks.
I just hope that I'm not rusty
and I don't want to let my team down.
ANNOUNCER: How's everybody doing?
Everything just feels off.
Kelly and I aren't exactly
enjoying each other's company.
And I'm not going to
lie, it's really awkward.
ANNOUNCER: All right,
coming to the stage next
in the junior's small group division,
this is entry number 23,
entitled "Money is the Root of All Evil."
[applause]
Let's go, girls.
[MUSIC - THE HALLEY DEVESTERN
BAND, "MONEY AIN'T TIME"]
(SINGING) You think you can fool the devil
with all your fancy things.
You know it's forever,
the time that you'll be dead.
And it's a long way to heaven,
my baby, with only your breath.
They say time is money.
Yeah, but money ain't time.
No.
Time.
Yeah.
Money ain't time.
[applause]
ABBY LEE MILLER: I thought
the group routine
was very innovative.
I thought it was something
different than we had seen
all day in the competition, and that's
going to help us score high.
[music continuing]
[laughs] Look at Ken.
Oh, my god.
How's everybody doing?
We are ready to begin
with our divisional overalls.
We're going to start off
in top-scoring elite junior duo/trios.
Starting off in fifth place,
with a score of 262.1 points,
is act number 15, "Viva Las Suede."
[cheering]
In fourth place, with a score
of 263.3 points,
is act number 18, "The Wild
Child and the Wallflower."
[cheering]
I think they were lucky
to make the top five.
They certainly wouldn't have won
last week when I pulled them.
Moving into our team solos.
In sixth place,
with a score of 280.7 points,
is Miss Samantha with act number 31.
Fifth place, with a score of 283.4 points,
is Miss Brooke
with act number 38, "Careless."
ABBY LEE MILLER: That was the best
I've seen Brooke dance in a long time.
Unfortunately, it wasn't good
enough for the first place
overall high score.
But she did show me
that she cared, just a little bit.
ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen,
your second runner up
for our elite junior solos
is Miss Megan with act number 11,
"Somebody."
Your runner up for our elite junior solos,
with a score of 284.6 points,
is Mr. Lucas with act number 13,
"Prison of Decision."
[cheering]
Ladies and gentlemen,
your highest scoring elite junior soloist,
with a score of 291.5 points,
is Maddie with act number 12,
"You Don't Know Me."
[cheering]
Congratulations to our highest
scoring junior soloist.
Nice job, girls.
She did it again.
Overall high scorer
of the junior division.
Way to go, Maddie.
ANNOUNCER: Moving now into
our elite junior small groups.
This was a very difficult
job these judges had.
Third place is act number 21,
"Electric Barbarellas."
[cheering]
Your runner up for the elite junior
small group division competition
is act number 20, "Respect."
[cheering]
And last, but not least,
ladies and gentlemen,
your highest scoring
elite junior small group,
act number 23.
[cheering]
[inaudible] your highest scoring
elite junior small group.
Again, the name of your studio.
1, 2, 3.
Abby Lee Dance Company.
[cheering]
- Congratulations.
- Let's do a bow on 3.
1, 2, 3.
Thank you all very much.
The girls were
the first overall high scorer
for the junior group divisions.
I couldn't ask for anything more.
All right, ladies, yay.
Brooke, you made the top five.
Congratulations. I'm very proud of you.
Paige and Nia, top five.
You were fourth. That was excellent.
- And Maddie, congratulations.
- Thank you.
- You were amazing, Maddie.
- Whoo.
I have one last quote--
ladies, sometimes greed is good.
[cheering]
For once in my life,
Christi and Kelly
are not picking a fight with me.
They're fighting with each other.
/I'm going to walk right out of here
and enjoy my weekend.
I told Christi I would talk to her
as soon as I was done with all my
confusion. [interposing voices]
But you know what? [interposing voices]
- I want to talk to her in private.
- Go ahead.
So Christi, if you want
to talk, let's go outside.
If you don't want to talk,
we don't have to.
You're rolling your eyes.
I am a grown up,
and if I want to roll my eyes,
I'm entitled to.
Okay.
Why can't we hear?
KELLY: I called you.
You didn't call me back.
You called me on Friday.
KELLY: Christi, I called you.
What else do you want me to do?
CHRISTI: No, you didn't.
KELLY: Yes, I did.
CHRISTI: And if I didn't answer,
you should have called again.
You were having a problem here.
I sat in a parking lot for you
to get you and your kids back here.
- I know you did.
- I had the worst week.
And when you weren't here,
I was sticking up for you--
But you should have called me.
But you don't know it because you didn't
answer my phone call.
- CHRISTI: You didn't call me.
- I called you.
KELLY: No, I shouldn't have
had to call you, Christi.
- CHRISTI: Are you kidding me?
- I did nothing wrong.
I was having a really
bad week and a real friend
would've picked up a phone and called me.
But I'm wrong because I said
that you talk to Melissa
more than you talk to me.
- You hurt my feelings.
- I don't--
And you hurt mine.
I called you.
- What else do you want me to do?
- Get in your car and drive to my house.
No, I'm not driving to your house.
CHRISTI: Why?
- I called you.
If you can't answer my phone
calls, then [bleep] you.
- [bleep] you.
Like seriously, Christi.
- CHRISTI: Thank you.
- KELLY: You're welcome.
Yeah, thanks.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Next on "Dance Moms."
So where is Abby, I wonder?
Unfortunately, Baby has passed away.
Oh.
ABBY LEE MILLER: (CRYING)
What if something was wrong
and I could have done something about it?
I wasn't here when she needed me.
I was with somebody else's kids.
[music playing]
- Hi. If I knew you'd be here.
- You had to expect that I would be here.
This is my hometown.
ANNOUNCER: And wants
everybody to know that routine
was dedicated to Broadway Baby.
Thank you so much for the dedication.
She didn't want the tribute
from the whole group,
but when it's from Maddie, she cries.
You would kill us in our sleep
if it meant your kids would get ahead.